Feature/spring 3 and dependency modules (#528)
valtimo-platform/valtimo-documentation: getting-started/modules/core/valtimo-dependency-versions.md

# Valtimo dependencies

## Dependencies

The `valtimo-dependency-versions` module specifies dependency versions for Valtimo.
When this module is used, please specify dependency versions only when needed. 

> > NOTE: This dependency will not add any other dependencies to the classpath. It will only define the versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **_NOTE:_** This dependency does not add any other dependencies to the classpath. It only defines the versions.
```

Partially suggesting this so it is in line with `/introduction/modules/modules.md`

> 

> > Please also take a look at [valtimo-dependencies](valtimo-dependencies.md) or [valtimo-gzac-dependencies](../zgw/valtimo-gzac-dependencies.md) when creating an implementation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Please also take a look at [valtimo-dependencies](valtimo-dependencies.md) or [valtimo-gzac-dependencies](../zgw/valtimo-gzac-dependencies.md) when creating an implementation.
```
